hey guys like a mock maker 98 here again
and this is a video of my hall that I
just got at the lego store I just got
back and really the main reason i'm
doing this video is because i have not
made a video in a while i'm not really
sure if anybody's gonna watch this but
the reason I haven't made a video in a
while is because I've been on vacation
because it's my spring break right now
so um that is also why i went to the
lego store um so let's get started I got
two cups two large cups fifteen dollars
each um I'm not really sure if you guys
know that it's an okay do I got a bunch
of these flat to buy for brown pieces
for mud and stuff like that so i also
got 2 by 4 flat sand pieces so rock
those and so more of those right here I
got a bunch of red chairs because I
seems like I'm always short on chairs
but um so yeah those are pretty cool got
a bunch of those as well yeah they also
be really useful for detail the inside
of my bases and other box and stuff like
that so yes I also got some grass pieces
sort of as a filler because already have
a bunch of them but I was excited to see
because I didn't want to fill the whole
thing with water pieces so yeah I got
some of those pretty cool as well so I
field like the whole bottom half for
those because I I need a live water
pieces if I'm ever going to do like a
like base in the middle of an ocean or
something like that so and I've really
liked the idea of doing one of those but
all right I just don't have enough water
so I just decided to stock up on that
because it seems like my lego store
never has those so those pieces so I
just got a bunch of them I also got some
of these flower pieces to put on grass
if I could garden or something inside
the base just another filler and some
more grass pieces and stuff like that so
yeah more brass pieces on top of this
cup right here you've got a thing of
round two by fours for mud and some more
round two by fours and so I mean just
the Kim okay um so yeah this is just a
view of all my stuff I've shown you guys
so far a more two-by-fours to fill in
the space and just more grass and flower
pieces right here you've got a whole
stack of brown flat two by fours I
already got some of those in my other
cup but I just got a bunch more so right
there and I've also got a whole stack of
tan pieces take these same exact shape
just different colors day um so yeah
rest your more detailing on battlefields
and stuff like that more grass and stuff
water pieces as a filler and acid up to
these i also got some more two-by-fours
black that's the color boo my bases in
to just build some bigger basis even
though I doubt this will significantly
help I just got a bunch of those like
pieces and I've got some more water
pieces down here I'll put these in there
and there's a water cup and yes I also
got a about like 50 of these for more
detailing I'm like maybe the side of a
base or a generator or something like
that but I got a lot of those um this
has been my lego haul video I go to this
will be like the first of like five the
rest of the year because I go to the
lego store about six times a year once
every two months and so um yeah two cups
lots of cool stuff that I will be able
to use Thanks so uh yeah one more thing
if any but if any of you guys really
care um I've been working on this new
mock boom op but it's just like this
waterfall mock I know it looks almost
done but I still need to do a lot on it
like filling the waterfalls right here
and stuff like that if anybody's really
watching this for those of you care
about what I'm making I've already
gotten a nice explosion right there and
so it's going to be all our troopers in
this mock and I've got somewhere water
pieces right there but yeah this is
already turning out pretty cool so look
forward to that after that will be a
Naboo block then I am thinking about
doing a cliff like a cliff base or
something and then a large open
battlefield MA those are just ideas but
those are ideas I've come up with so far
so um yes thank you so much for watching
guys and please rate comment and
subscribe like a mock maker 98 signing
out